1.How are products stored in your program?
	Products and thier attributes are created in a class, and then converted to a dictionary. Make the products dictionaries is how I handle making edits to thier attriubtes. Products are then saved to a .json file so that any changed made can be accessed after the program is closed.
2.How are purchase orders connected to vendors and products?
	Purchase orders are connected to vendors because the vendor_id is required when making an order. This simulates sending an order request to the vendors distrubting the products. When creating a purchase order you can only add products to the order that are assigened to the same vendor that the order is being sent to (As vendors can't send items they don't have). Purchase orders are connecent to products by being the way products are restocked and added to the inventory.
3.How does receiving a shipment change inventory?
	Receiving a shipment changes the quanity attriubte of the ordered product by the reorder quantity attriubte. A prodcut that has 10 in stock with a reorder quanity of 15 when have 25 in stock when an order containng it is recived (provided the item is only ordered once). Items can be ordered multipule times per order but quanitiy in stock is only ever increased by reorder quanity not multiplicatively.
4.How does your JSON save/load process work?
	My save/load system works by first setting the class files to .json files and setting the id/ponumber attribute to the corresponding objects. It also has default data so that the system always has some data to start with. Then the system tries to open the .json files corresponding to each class. It will then convert the data into an object that the other system functions can access. If no .json files exist, the program will create them using the default values. When the data needs saved, it will be written to these .json files to be accessed later. 
5.What is one bug you fixed and how did you fix it?
	when exporting product or vender data to excel the function would create the spreadsheet and have the headers but any information from the product or vendor class was not present. This was because I was testing the function within the file itself by calling it at the end of the file and running the program. The problem was that the product and vendor classes are initialized within the file manager file, and since the reports file didn’t call that function, the classes containing the information I needed weren’t populated. This was easily fixed by initializing the needed classes.